cloud: add release notes 2024-11-26 (#19501)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2024.

## November 26, 2024

**General changes**

- Upgrade the default TiDB version of new [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters from [v7.5.4](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/release-7.5.4) to [v8.1.1](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/release-8.1.1).

> - Regional high availability (beta) for [TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-serverless) clusters.
> 
>     This feature is designed for workloads that require maximum infrastructure redundancy and business continuity. Key features include:
> 
>     - Nodes are distributed across multiple availability zones to ensure high availability in the event of a zone failure.
>     - Critical OLTP (Online Transactional Processing) components, such as PD and TiKV, are replicated across availability zones for redundancy.
>     - Automatic failover minimizes service disruption during a primary zone failure.
> 
>   This feature is currently available only in the AWS Tokyo (`ap-northeast-1`) region and can be enabled only during cluster creation.
> 
>     For more information, see [High Availability in TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/serverless-high-availability.md).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

- [TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-serverless) reduces costs for large data writes by up to 80% for the following scenarios:

    - When you perform write operations larger than 16 MiB in [autocommit mode](/transaction-overview.md#autocommit).

>     - When you perform write operations larger than 16 MiB in [optimistic transaction mode](/sql-statements/sql-statement-begin.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When you perform write operations larger than 16 MiB in [optimistic transaction model](/optimistic-transaction.md).
```
